ExternalName cleanup (#11326)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

  type: ExternalName
  externalName: my.database.example.com
```
{{< note >}}

> ExternalName can be an IP address, but IP addresses are not resolved by CoreDNS or ingress-nginx because ExternalName

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ExternalName accepts an IPv4 address string, but as a hostname comprised of digits, not as an IP address. ExternalNames that resemble IPv4 addresses are not resolved by CoreDNS or ingress-nginx because ExternalName
```
